Directories:

given_datasets - This directory included the data we downloaded from the DevGPT site. The data we downloaded is snapshot 20231012 from commit 19 before all of the files were uploaded to git-lfs.

CustomInputData - This is the manually imported leetcode question information from LeetCode, each file is named with the corresponding leetcode question ID, and their format abide to the "lc_file_format" such that our code can read it properly.

documents - Miscelaneous files that we kept. 

LC_Gen_Codes - The output codes for RQ1 LeetCode Portion that is generated automatically from our code that query ChatGPT API. They are splitted to two types, one with settings (complexity requirements) and the other is just with the other question information, on which we call them defaults. 

LC_Gen_Codes_RQ2 - These are codes generated for RQ2, specifically from the successful "default" codes from RQ1 that applied either Verbal Setting 1 (VS1) or VS2.

InputDataCPlusPlus/InputDataJava - These two directories contain the manually filtered initial code setup of the questions from Leetcode that passed all testcases in Research Question 1.

LC_Gen_Codes_CPlusPlus/LC_Gen_Codes_Java - These two directories contain the Java and C++ code generated by ChatGPT for Research Question 3.

Files:

helper.py - contains various files for data extraction and preprocessing, getLC_files is to process the leetcode dataset and getData is to process the provided DevGPT datasets 

RQ1_1generate_responses.py - This Python file contains code for asking ChatGPT to generate responses with/without setting. The outputs will be saved in a spreadsheet.

RQ1_first_half_resp.csv/RQ1_second_half_resp.csv - These two csv file contains the output generated by RQ1_1generate_responses.py.

RQ1_2compare_response.py - This Python file contains the code for calculating Jaccard Similarity, Cosine Similarity, and Euclidean Distance of the two texts with/without setting outputted by ChatGPT.

RQ1_similarity_output.csv - This CSV file contains similarity outputs generated by RQ1_2compare_response.py.

RQ1_3gen_leetcode_code.py - this is the code that generated 2*54 codes from the leetcode description with/without settings through ChatGPT API.

RQ1_ChatGPT_Scores.csv - This file consist of outputs that we manually gathered from LeetCode through running the code generated for each of the LeetCode question we selected.

RQ2_code_gen.py - This is the code used to generate two sets of code 2*20 based on the successful default code from RQ1 with the two VS.

RQ2_VS1_VS2_Stat.csv - this is the data we gathered from manually running generated code for RQ2 on LeetCode.

RQ3_code_gen.py - This Python file contains code for asking ChatGPT to generate new code with/without setting in Java and C++ based on the Python code generated in Research Question 1.

RQ3_Java_Stat.csv - Contains the results for JAVA version of the leetcode problems for RQ3

RQ3_CPP_Stat.csv - Contains the results for  CPP version of the leetcode problems for RQ3

SoftwareProjectDataSheet.csv - Contains results for the original python version of the 54 leetcode problems. 
